07/05/2023 and 08/05/2023
	I'm writing this now in Elya's toilet as to not wake her up, on my laptop, right after talking with Bilal. The day before I spent it with Salah at Almira's and Asia's place till 4:00 AM talking and explaining "human sexual dynamics" and other trivial stuff. As a note to myself: more of a time waste since I don't get much in return except for the agression due to challenging their belief systems as a result of giving them a model closer to reality of how the world works.
	That said, the scope of this note is more related to the aterthoughts of my talk with Bilal.
As it stands, I practically don't have to pay rent, live off money sent to me by my parents and can do whatever I want, provided I occasionally study. And this will continue to be the case, if nothing major happens like a war affecting Russia for example, for another ~1.5 year. I also have a good girl that loves me and I am serious about. So it's definetively very favorable position.
Bilal was in a similar position too minus the girl part. But now is living on a less than 20'000 Rub salary in a +30'000 apartment not including the transportation and food costs. Quoting him, he is "consumable", or, quoting me, a "slave" working to have a roof and food. Good thing he has savings. But from what he said, he is not living. So much that he prefers to go back live in Syria with the aweful condition present there (writing this since I may not fully understand what he is experiecing now). And if I don't something about it, I may end up in a similar situation.
His friends are almost all with kids and their cars, even porsches even though they didn't finish universities. One in particular works by cleaning and preparing surgery rooms for operations is buying new cars every half a year. Now imagine if he worked more and invested instead of spending. In addition to the stagnant personal growth in Russia and no knowledge of anyone making it cleanly and without being or engaging in corruption, even/ at least among arabs. So an immigration seems more favorable for now.
All the previous written is to serve as cautionary tale for me.
	Adding to that my capabilities, and now my current situtaion, I am very blessed, thank God, and have ambitions that I can actually achieve no matter how big they are.

A suggested business plan, or rather a way to grow wealth, is to buy real estate, apartments. Buy them not on plan since it may be risky with no knowledge, but buy the "skeleton" when only the main wall are present, and continue styling and building it personally. A way to save on costs and to hopefully have a more rich end result. Then sell it. My input is that in the process I can live there before it is sold. Maybe even be more motivated being immersed in the grind process by surrounding myself with a semi finished house in the process of being built that will be a constant reminder of what I am doing. A friend of Bilal started with that and now just comes to a land owner with his own tractors, machines and workers and builds whole buidlings with apartments on it in exchange for giving the owner an apartment or two or a floor.

The other idea is to hasten Elya's family to buy the apartment, switch to it and rent current one-room one to Bilal as to help him stay longer in Russia and giving more chances to jump to Europe, avoiding hopefully going back almost permanently to Syria.

With all that said, what will I do today? And what will I do each day.
Develop my ego, sharpen it by challenging it every day.
			---------------------------------------------------

Again, what are my goals? write more or less in details but summerize in short bullet points to be bale to read them everyday and keep them in sight. then what needs to be done. And try every day to work towards it. Then set systems of what and when to check for progress, what is being done and what is not, and how to correct what needs to be corrected

How I want my life to be?
- Many beautiful, busty, juicy (outside) girls that are also the best in both character/ personality (inside) and how they treat/ how faithful and devoted to me.
- Have a strong big family that I can protect and provide for while still beig able to enjoy my girls/ wives and enough time to raise my kids. And give enough time to my mother, father and brother.
- Have the best relationship with God, be close and even hopefully surpass the Sahaba in closeness.
- Surround myself with my tribe of amazing, strong, faithful people. Build a clan.
- Live, thrive, reach my peak and make God proud of me, as well as be an example for other people. Travel, own and build businesses, help people.

What will happen if I continue living as I am now?
All of what follows is purely hypothetical and more or less probable. Nothing of the above will happen. Except if it is destined to be. Won't live badly. But won't live super. Will think that I wasted my potential. Will be weak in front of any global change that will happen like war, mobilization. May have situations where I or my people are at the mercy of others. Won't have the ability to protect them. Will look at others, people with corrupt and bad morals, people who hated on me, made efforts to stop or hurt me.. get the satisfaction that I didn't acheive anything great. Some may get even higher than me socially and look at me from above with a grin. Or those same people decide to make my life harder or hurt my people. For pleasure, satisfaction of breaking or making my people kneel, tainting or watching morally right people get hurt so that they feel better. How I will be eating myself knowing that I could have avoided all that. Not providing for my family the rest because I can't or because it is too late. Not paying back my parents enough.
And watch girls I wanted to have and things I wanted to have and do, people do things that I wanted to do, see how that is possible and how I didn't do it, have it. Maybe stay and masturbate at girls that I wanted to have.

What needs to be done to achieve what I want and avoid the bad scenario?
To provide for my parents, huge family, girls and kids I need to have appropriately huge ammounts of money, power to protect them and the money. Freedom to enjoy it and spend time with them. And if I want freedom with that much power and money, I will likely need to spend a lot of time and effort over the span of 20 years for example, or almost twice that over a span of 10 years. Meaning the sooner I want it and if I want to have the time to enjoy it, I will likely need to do extra effort now.
